hi everybody my name is Andrew hexley
and I'm just check this out you cast
check this out I went to big kin lots
and just check how with it on what they
have right now they have the amazing
spider-man the brand-new stuff from the
brand-new movie as you can see um they
don't have the lizard here but you know
oh oh yeah they do have the lizard but
I'll show him later do you here's our
spider-man himself um you know so he's
from the brand-new movie um really nice
picture of ah you know like spider-man
shooting some web-slinger's out of his
hands it says ages four plus and I'm but
it's pretty small you know while the
detailing quality looks screwed in look
screwed in from the movie the same right
there you can see it says build a battle
with a spider-man shown here and the
lizard's shown here as well
so that's pretty cool um I'll show you
the lizard as well oh oh well sorry
about that you know what you know I'm
gonna put them right here so you can see
what the what he does with what the
lizard does look like um really nice um
so here's the lizard himself he uh you
know he saw the same annum the lizard is
pretty small if you do asking me so you
know like you know if you I'm like if
you do asking me he is pretty small so
that's pretty cool um but what's up but
what's also pretty cool is that they can
battle with each other so that's pretty
cool it says each sold separately so you
can see that there are they are they're
here so that's pretty cool um I don't
know if any of you have come by these
yet but they're pretty hard to find you
won't find them in stores right now you
won't find them anywhere else you won't
find them when you're shopping for them
and you won't even find them in other
places but you'll find them at beacon
lawn so that's pretty cool because this
place carries all the stuff through the
amazing spider-man and now um oh why do
these you know keep you know falling
over and I told them not to though Oh Oh
sir but anyways yeah that's pretty cool
right there um I'm also and I'm and I'm
and I'm also can assure you the lizard
check this out you guys check this out
they have the brand-new the lizard
action figure from the brand-new movie
now it has a pretty uh it has it has a
pretty cool
picture of all you know like spider
menage in some web-slinger's and it says
in it and even has the spider-man logo
on it and says you know in and also and
it also says the lizard with the you
know ages sophomore plus in up so that's
pretty cool
um let me show you in the back is Walt
it says the amazing spider-man right
here and says the lizard a radical
experiment turned dr. Curtis Connors
into the mutated Menace the lizard a
fearsome enemy of the amazing spider-man
snap tail to body to body to complete
the figure and collect them all they
have the amazing spider-man himself you
know the spider-man action figure and
pretty nice cuz you can see I he's you
know that the lizard is off stretching
his arms on so that's pretty cool I have
not actually seen the amazing spider-man
before I have not seen him like this
before you know the size at all well
maybe because I he's missing or
something right maybe they haven't you
know stocked him up yet I'm just still
wondering if they will dough but um let
me tell you about this you know really
his um you know really are really a
really nice picture of him doing that
right there and also I'm really are
really a really nice picture about
spider-man shooters web-slinger's and
doing that right there so anyways I want
to tell you what happened to dr. Curtis
Connors in case you didn't know and you
know um you know so after the
transformation he injected a serum that
um you know kind of like in his
laboratory while he was still in there
um he injected himself with the needle
and you know he just became you know the
evil monster so he turned his
transformation was complete he so he
turned to this lizard reptile thing and
I don't know what you mean by that I
mean you know he turned to this menacing
lizard reptile thing he just he just
went mad you know he like wince you know
humans you know human men and you know
you you know after you know human man
the police tried to catch him they tried
to stop him because he was like you know
he was like causing destruction
everywhere and that's you know pretty
cool you know but you know but but you
know he also you know of course he also
did you know did not like spider-man
every time Spiderman tried to like you
know try to stop him and say
the lizard your dr. Curt Connors they're
supposed to stop this right now stop
this right now
um that was probably a deleted scene
though but you know you can hear a Peter
Parker yelling at him and you know
saying and taunting him you know he was
like you know taunting you know dr.
Curtis Connors the scientist you know it
Oscorp industries and there's really
been a lot you know of you know like
movie trailers or he appeared and he
just like he like you know he like put
his hand over you know like spider-man
he like tried he tried to hurt him you
know really badly he tried to cheer him
up you know he tried to do everything
but you know because you know spider-man
tried to stop you know like dr. Curt
Connors because he created him he likes
said you know because he's like because
he like said I I got to stop him because
I like created him so that means
probably you know because it's probably
the same thing you know even though if
you hear it in the movie trailer you're
not gonna really know what they're I'm
talking about like what you know what
they're you know what you know what
they're talking about but it's pretty
cool and yet has really nice detail you
know and quality from the movie and it
comes with an accessory like the tail
that snaps into his back so that's
pretty cool and a really nice saw a
picture of law I mean no a really nice
song you know it's really nice because
our lizard has as you know melt open you
know you know and you know with you know
with Kino and also and also I'm gonna
show you and I'm going to show you now
those menacing eyes what do you think
the lizard is looking at um but you know
I think he's looking at something but
that's you know pretty cool I I think
he's looking at something but that's I I
think he's I think he's looking at
something but that's pretty cool you boy